ORG Data Seeding is a "Configuration as Code" approach in "seeding" an environment with meaningful and Production-Like data. This functionality is aeBikes_ilable in scratch orgs and sandboxes.

In an attempt to empower Frontline Team Members to truly meet "Code Complete", Org Data Seeding was developed as a configurable way to create randomized and structured data in a flexible and scalable approach. Org Data Seeding can be leveraged at any point in the SDLC to enable any environment's data to be Production-Like as we test functionality. Whether at the development stage, regression stage, or designing data sets to support automated UI tests, Org Data Seeding is an effective, version-able, and customizable approach to seeding Production-like data to help ensure quality with each new piece of functionality we build.

As an admin or developer, we can begin creating / updating a recipe even before we get started on actual or development/configuration because we may already know the expected business rules going into a User Story. It is important for those who are implementing the feature to be actively building and maintaining the recipe so we are creating the expected data sets from the onset of each User Story. Creating or updating a recipe in parallel with a User Story implementation establishes Production-like data to build functionality against. With Production-like data in a development environment like a scratch org we can smoke out unexpected behavior with minimal effort, rework, and time. Having Production-Like data from the onset of development allows us to keep cause and effect in it's strongest and clearest form at the development cycle. The opposite of this approach is waiting for several phases into the pipeline to a arrive in full sandbox where it is nearly impossible to fix an issue in this phase and still release on time.  


This functionality combines tooling from snowfakery and texei and requires a powershell script to be entered into a terminal. There is a directory structure required for the script to run properly. The best way to ensure this directory structure is present in your sfdx project copy the folder **cicd_local** and all of its contents from this repository and paste it to the root of your sfdx project. The cicd_local directory structure can be found here: https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/dtc-release-cicd-local/tree/master/cicd_local

If there are any questions please raise in issue within this repository or communicate to the [DTC Unlocked Package and DX Team] on slack(https://app.slack.com/client/T0KSH8T1U/G01QD1PNMDJ).

If you are ready to get going, start with our [setup instructions](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/dtc-release-cicd-local/wiki/PREREQUISITES-AND-SETUP-TO-RUN-DATA-FAKER-STATION-FUNCTIONALITY)

